#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements-report.in
#
aioredis==1.3.1
    # via channels-redis
asgiref==3.4.1
    # via
    #   channels
    #   channels-redis
    #   daphne
    #   django
    #   uvicorn
async-timeout==3.0.1
    # via aioredis
attrs==21.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   automat
    #   pytest
    #   service-identity
    #   twisted
autobahn==21.2.1
    # via daphne
automat==20.2.0
    # via twisted
backcall==0.1.0
    # via ipython
cached-property==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   exchangelib
cachetools==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   google-auth
certifi==2020.4.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.14.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   google-crc32c
channels-redis==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements-django.in
channels==3.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-django.in
    #   channels-redis
chardet==3.0.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   requests
click==8.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   -r requirements-common.in
    #   uvicorn
colorama==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   -r requirements-common.in
constantly==15.1.0
    # via twisted
cryptography==3.4.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   -r requirements-django.in
    #   autobahn
    #   josepy
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   pyopenssl
    #   pysaml2
    #   requests-ntlm
    #   service-identity
daphne==3.0.2
    # via channels
decorator==4.4.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   traitlets
defusedxml==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   exchangelib
    #   pysaml2
    #   python3-saml
django-debug-toolbar==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements-django.in
django-extensions==2.2.9
    # via -r requirements-django.in
django-ipware==2.1.0
    # via django-structlog
django-js-asset==2.0.0
    # via django-mptt
django-model-utils==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements-django.in
django-mptt==0.13.4
    # via -r requirements-django.in
django-prometheus==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements-django.in
django-recurrence==1.11.1
    # via -r requirements-django.in
django-rest-auth==0.9.5
    # via django-saml2-auth
git+https://github.com/magenta-aps/django-saml2-auth.git@2.3.0
    # via -r requirements-report.in
django-settings-export==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements-django.in
django-storages[google]==1.10.1
    # via -r requirements-django.in
django-structlog==1.5.2
    # via -r requirements-django.in
django==3.2.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements-django.in
    #   channels
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-js-asset
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-recurrence
    #   django-rest-auth
    #   django-settings-export
    #   django-storages
    #   django-structlog
    #   djangorestframework
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
djangorestframework-jwt==1.11.0
    # via django-saml2-auth
djangorestframework==3.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-django.in
    #   django-rest-auth
dnspython==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   email-validator
    #   exchangelib
dropbox==10.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   -r requirements-django.in
email-validator==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements-django.in
exchangelib==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   -r requirements-django.in
faker==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements-report.in
google-api-core==1.22.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-core
google-api-python-client==1.12.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   -r requirements-common.in
google-auth-httplib2==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
google-auth==1.21.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-core==1.4.4
    # via google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-storage==1.33.0
    # via django-storages
google-crc32c==1.0.0
    # via google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==1.1.0
    # via google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.52.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   google-api-core
gunicorn==20.0.4
    # via -r requirements-django.in
h11==0.12.0
    # via uvicorn
hiredis==2.0.0
    # via aioredis
httplib2==0.18.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   oauth2client
httptools==0.2.0
    # via uvicorn
hyperlink==21.0.0
    # via
    #   autobahn
    #   twisted
idna==2.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   email-validator
    #   hyperlink
    #   requests
    #   twisted
incremental==21.3.0
    # via twisted
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   pytest
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via traitlets
ipython==7.14.0
    # via -r requirements-django.in
isodate==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   exchangelib
    #   python3-saml
jedi==0.17.0
    # via ipython
josepy==1.8.0
    # via mozilla-django-oidc
lxml==4.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   exchangelib
    #   xmlsec
mozilla-django-oidc==1.2.4
    # via -r requirements-report.in
msgpack==1.0.2
    # via channels-redis
ntlm-auth==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   requests-ntlm
oauth2client==4.1.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   -r requirements-common.in
oauthlib==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   exchangelib
    #   requests-oauthlib
olefile==0.46
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   -r requirements-django.in
packaging==21.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   pytest
parameterized==0.8.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   -r requirements-common.in
parso==0.7.0
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pika==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   -r requirements-common.in
pillow==7.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   -r requirements-django.in
pkgconfig==1.5.1
    # via xmlsec
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   pytest
prometheus-client==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   django-prometheus
prompt-toolkit==3.0.5
    # via ipython
protobuf==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
psutil==5.8.0
    # via -r requirements-report.in
psycopg2-binary==2.8.5
    # via -r requirements-django.in
ptyprocess==0.6.0
    # via pexpect
py==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   pytest
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
    #   service-identity
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   oauth2client
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
    #   service-identity
pycparser==2.20
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   cffi
pygments==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   exchangelib
    #   ipython
pyjwt==1.7.1
    # via djangorestframework-jwt
pyopenssl==19.1.0
    # via
    #   josepy
    #   pysaml2
    #   twisted
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   packaging
pypdf2==1.26.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   -r requirements-django.in
pysaml2==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-report.in
    #   django-saml2-auth
pysmbc==1.0.21
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   -r requirements-django.in
pytest-django==4.4.0
    # via -r requirements-report.in
pytest==6.2.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   pytest-django
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   django-recurrence
    #   exchangelib
    #   faker
    #   pysaml2
python-dotenv==0.19.0
    # via uvicorn
python-magic==0.4.18
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   -r requirements-django.in
python3-saml==1.9.0
    # via -r requirements-report.in
pytz==2019.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   django
    #   exchangelib
    #   google-api-core
    #   pysaml2
    #   tzlocal
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via uvicorn
randomtimestamp==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements-report.in
regex==2020.4.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   -r requirements-django.in
requests-ntlm==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   exchangelib
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   exchangelib
requests==2.23.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   dropbox
    #   exchangelib
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   pysaml2
    #   requests-ntlm
    #   requests-oauthlib
rsa==4.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
service-identity==21.1.0
    # via twisted
six==1.14.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   automat
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-rest-auth
    #   dropbox
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-resumable-media
    #   isodate
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   oauth2client
    #   protobuf
    #   pyopenssl
    #   pysaml2
    #   python-dateutil
    #   service-identity
    #   structlog
    #   traitlets
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   -r requirements-common.in
sqlparse==0.3.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
structlog==20.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   -r requirements-common.in
    #   django-structlog
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via faker
toml==0.10.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   -r requirements-common.in
    #   pytest
traitlets==4.3.3
    # via ipython
twisted[tls]==21.7.0
    # via daphne
txaio==21.2.1
    # via autobahn
typing-extensions==3.10.0.0
    # via twisted
tzlocal==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   exchangelib
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   google-api-python-client
urllib3==1.25.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements-engine.txt
    #   requests
uvicorn[standard]==0.15.0
    # via -r requirements-django.in
uvloop==0.16.0
    # via uvicorn
watchgod==0.7
    # via uvicorn
wcwidth==0.1.9
    # via prompt-toolkit
websockets==10.0
    # via uvicorn
whitenoise==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements-django.in
xmlsec==1.3.3
    # via python3-saml
zope.interface==5.4.0
    # via twisted

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
